hi this is isaiah and we're doing war as
you can see her I'm I was kidnapped by
the idea Krakens and Joshua is not
racking and we're doing a gun war sup
right when he finds the shotgun I'm
going to troll him but the sucky thing
is about this gun it's I have to cock it
over and over again oh crap I got you
though
got you Oh God oh hey black ops tile you
have to go back to where as you can see
he is spawning and now I got a shotgun
may not look like I shoot him sometimes
alright
I would have used my guns try a lot
easier to carry but oh
gotcha haha bus I got two points oh shit
he's gonna spawn even though he has a
sucky gun guys don't underestimate
gotcha alright I'm going to spawn if
you're wondering why I didn't lay down
just cuz I was right next to my spawning
area so let's go and by the way guys
this is not a stealth war we can make as
much noise as we want for the people
we're going to say Jim no both in the
comments if you agree though if that is
a fucking double yeah you gotta go you
realize that right I just bond dick ball
yeah you are a dick ball goes by dick
ball you don't have a shield I shot you
in your freakin head and you know it yes
I'm sure I shot you in the head
I should just tape this to my gun but
you have to go spawn now you did it you
spawn over there go spawn yeah better
walk walk hey cocking you didn't go
spine you have to go over there I'm like
three seconds
damn he got me even though I'm in the
spawning area
double ready get the bottle exam
alright guys we're going to do a draw
now he's going to post his video on and
so am I so we're gonna put our just down
and see who wins the draw then right
here so if you want you can see now just
get on the floor no I don't think I've
you viewers can see all right we're
starting a new wall Hannah right now
this is going to end the video sup and
once we end the video we're going to do
a sweet one on one and most you grows up
their president our asses yeah let's go
agree to go
like in the videos and leave a comment
below and if you like this video watch
this
dick dick